fix: ensure merge_bot_account permission are correct (#1583)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions.rst

     - Mergify can impersonate a GitHub user to merge pull request.
       If no ``merge_bot_account`` is set, Mergify will merge the pull request
       itself. The user account **must** have already been

>        logged in Mergify dashboard once and have **write** permission only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       logged in Mergify dashboard once and have **write** or **maintain** permission.
```
